Identify version of PIC to use.
  Done:  PIC16F1826
  Used device selector at microchip website.
  Recent, better on chip debug, and other features than 627 proposed by customer.
  Lower price that 627.
  Is the lowest price unit listed at microchip with sufficient pins and memory.

Obtain tools.
  Done:  Downloaded MPLAB X IDE for linux from microchip website.
  Also got a free C compiler.

Find some example code and learn how to simulate it on MPLAB.
  Some progress.  Found and downloaded example code.  Only found C.
  Looks easy so far.
  Got it to build.  No debug/simulate yet.
  Abandoned.

Make regularized frame timing hierarchy.
  Do ascii art timing diagrams.
  Assign names to all the times.
  Make as many formulas as possible.
  Minimize the set of independent times.
  Got it down to 5 constants.
  Made spread sheet to calculate the dependent times.
  
  The trouble with the provided timing diagram is that it was irregular and
  inconsistent in how it treated gaps after various repeated elements.
  Like gap is missing after last one in group.  Change that so gaps are
  uniform.  Will be able to make function to send each element, and then
  compose them easily.

  Will be able to change the constants to change timing, without messing
  with the code.
  Done.


Make a python script to generate timing costants.
  Do this numerically. Use in both code and in docs.

Submit timing diagrams and constants for review.
  No response to my last message.  How to submit.

Check that functions are being inlined
  this is to reduce stack usage, and to increase speed.
  if not inlined by default, look for inline keyword.

Figure out how to use simulator
  Code now set up to do output in a loop continuously.  No input.
  It is ready to run.  Need to verify timing in simulator.

Figure out how to use the timer
  This is needed so that it is possible to do PC input, while 
  controlling total time used for input.
  Obviously, if we are stuck in a delay loop, can't be doing handshaking
  with PC.

Go back and review timing hierarchy.  
  Is it as clear and simple as possible?
  Consider changing names.
  Make sure pyton generator and spreadsheet are consistent.
  Should gap4 be shown before frame4 ?
  Is the frame4 step even needed ?






